hi everybody luck to the mica chair
today I'm doing my first ever ever ever
lush haul here's my bag of goodies now
this from the I guess the christmas
collection lish christmas because these
are actually given to me for my birthday
splash christmas from my friend sarah so
technically I didn't buy any z's like so
it's not really my Hall it's more her
haul for me Sarah actually has a blog so
if you don't know her blog it's makeup
by stairs and she recently started on
youtube so i will put a link up here and
in the description box about her blog
and her YouTube channel cuz I was love
with you guys were sure a little bit of
love she just started out and she's
trying to get really good videos and
contents on her channel and she's
absolutely the sweetest she is so so so
kind and sweet and just absolutely
adorable so please check out her blog
and her YouTube channel she's like the
bestest friend in the entire world
another thing about lush is I've never
actually done a lush haul because I
first moved out of my parents house I
went to get a job and I went to lush and
it was a complete disaster if you've
ever been to an interview and lush it's
a little bit different because what they
do is there's about 20 of you the shop
is closed you go in there and you're
each given like two items and you have
to stand in front of everyone and talk
about these two items and they kind of
tell you stuff about it and then you
have to kind of make up your own sort of
thing and talk about those products
which would be fine if I had been making
videos at the time but it was I think
five years ago and I just it was a
complete disaster so I have been kind of
put off going in there but when I first
moved to Cork it was my favorite place
and then I kind of when I went for the
job and then get it I was kind of like
mmm I'll show you guys what's in here
and she was very very generous and she
was such a sweetheart you got me some
great things so let's get started the
great thing about lush is that they have
lush times which i believe is free and
you can just pick it up anyway like I
don't think you have to pay for it or
anything and you can just go in and it
it talks about different products and
things are available and it tells you
the price of how much the
are and what's good about them so I'm
excited to start reading this and also
gives you instructions of how to use
certain products and this was a
Christmas edition so there's lots of
Christmas things and so I got this this
is called merry and bright and I guess
this is part of the Christmas collection
but it's my birthday so my birthdays are
on Christmas so I want to open it cuz
Ivan actually opened it since I got it
I've been waiting to show you guys on
camera so I will open it up oh look how
pretty got all these little funny thing
we have the shower gel it smells so
strong concern that already it smells
sort of like um not cinnamon but like
spices so smells kind of spicy that's
nice and this is on the shower gel it is
the Swedish brew it has cinnamon yellow
smit cinnamon and mulled wine which is
what I was smelling and you could wash
your hair and body with this warming
cinnamon and mulled wine Joe so perfect
for kind of Christmasy winter kind of
smelled you know those kind of smells so
I like that also in here I love how
their soaps are kind of cool you also
have the soap look at that so cool oh my
gosh it smells delicious and this is the
Northern Light soap very fresh very
summery and the other one smells kind of
a wintry so they're a great combination
of the two because it's going to keep
you for a long time oh my gosh you can't
stop smiling it I was also giving a
little sample of happy hippie which I
actually used in the shower not too long
ago and this is lovely fresh smell again
bit like the Northern Lights fresh
lemongrass I think it's lemon grass
that's in here and it just smells so
delicious so I love the little pots like
a cute that is and she also got me a new
skincare routine because she knows how
upset I get about my skin my skin is not
in very good condition so she got me a
cleanser and a toner I don't talk about
this first which is the ultra blend
cleanser now this is a very unusual type
of cleanser it's sort of
like I can't quite explain it a bit like
a paste for your hair like hair gel I
guess but like thick like clay but not
clay because it's kind of oily The
Strangers 1 i've ever used but also
really really gets deep down and cleaned
your skin without stripping it of
moisture laughs my skin very smooth but
also got rid of like the dirt and the
oils and all that kind of stuff so I
like using those bare and i will show
you guys how to use this because it's
different from the normal way that
you've used a cleanser then one of my
favorite products is this now i love
this every time I go into lush well on
the occasions that go into lush this is
the first product that I always spray on
my hand I don't know why I don't know
why I do it but I love looking at this I
love the smell of it and I just love the
feel of a tree water I was going to say
to your oil but TJ waters on my favorite
things so I love that it takes to draw
of those troublesome pores which is true
and a best seller for normal to oily
skin removes excess cleanser and
freshens the skin so you can either
because it's like a sprayer you can
either spray it over your face but keep
it quite far back and make sure your
eyes are closed because it will sting
your eyes so I just kind of spray it
over my face or I will just spray on
some cotton buds which is easier than
usual toners you have to open them up
and then you have to put the thing on
top and they have twist it and all that
kind of stuff so it's easy the fact that
it's like a spray oh if you have any
lush products that you're a huge huge
huge fan of things that you buy to time
and time again or like a starter
beginner things that you think people
should try when they're first starting
out lush I would love to know about it
and just like write a comment in the box
below and you can write a million
comments I don't really mind r you do a
video response about your favorite lush
products i would love to know about it
because i'm thinking of you know
starting to look into more lush products
and buy some more so would love to know
you all think about some products and
it'll talk to guys soon okay